hello everyone again redcrafting
and today we will develop news from
versions 13 17th and
here we have forgotten something a man with a nickname
biscuit he is hello dear friends and
the first innovation that brought us
this snapshot
these are such strange blocks this
clay blocks
that is, not just clay blocks about
roasted makeup
so say here it is here we rummage
from the usual blocks green and it turns out
such a solid 3 can be just their
use for construction think not
more basically there is still such
the likelihood that they may be soon
will be performed in the desert biome and
there will be zombies
but because a mahjong company let's say
showed us an unusual screenshot on
which depicts a house of this clay and
zombie stands next to but in principle it
unlikely but still might be too
and with minor innovations what
now you are on the screws recreative
if we go over this one here
with the search blocks will be shown
signature with
where they come from i mean what
bookmarks this is our building
blocks so decorative and so on
This principle is convenient for searching for blocks
now the desert biome is no longer
water is generated of course there will remain
lava lakes but the water there is more to
Unfortunately there will be no more there was a slight
fix now
craft mats become more logical
now when we put two blocks to
brighten to rica but we get not one but
three whole rugs that are more logical and
correct want think
it would be even more correct to receive
probably somewhere 16 of these coatings because
that all the same blocks are thick and colic
thin also in minecraft appeared not
quite ordinary function when we beat
zombies there is a small chance that
one more zombie will be born from it
it happens very very rarely but
still sometimes it happens a
it looks like a zombie crashes
little zombies and quickly let's say
rises to big so here we are now
try to fill them up like that
way that more zombies appear but their
a dozen a lot not all they want
appear in general the chance of this occurrence
the zombie is still very small in full
Well, in principle, if he was too
great we would just not have time
kill zombies that would come on
help their fellows and so time from
the time when you see the sense of a zombie
start attacking then be
attentive to you may not from nowhere
to arrive in time their not comrades who
help you eat and while we tested
zombies we noticed one weird
the feature is most likely a tank then what
they are such an incomprehensible way
help you can say so here you see
they hang in one place and then they
can abruptly run after you if you
go far away that is incredible
speed hope that it will fix and
these were all innovations on you on
something 13 17th with you were sims face
sponge cake he is a bunch of lagging zombies
subscribe comment comment like
and add to favorites
good luck everyone bye